Prow: update secrets population (#4045)
kyma-project/test-infra: docs/prow/prow-installation-on-forks.md

1. Export these environment variables:

- **KUBECONFIG** is a path to a `kubeconfig` file.
- **PROJECT** is a GCP project name.

> - **GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS** is a path to a service account file. This service account requires read access to secretes stored in Secret Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS** is a path to a service account file. This service account requires read access to Secrets stored in the Secret Manager.
```
